RHDEVDOCS-5105: Add test / invoke docs for functions in ODC (#59750)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/odc-invoke-serverless-function.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * serverless/functions/serverless-functions-getting-started.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="odc-invoke-serverless-function_{context}"]
= Testing a function in the web console

You can test a deployed serverless function by invoking it in the *Developer* perspective of the {product-title} web console.

.Prerequisites

> * The {ServerlessOperatorName} and Knative Serving are installed on your {product-title} cluster.

Author: This is worded specifically because the operator must be installed by an admin and the person using this procedure is most likely a developer who will not have those permissions

* You have logged in to the web console and are in the *Developer* perspective.
* You have created and deployed a function.

.Procedure

. In the *Developer* perspective, navigate to *Topology*.
. Click on a function, then click *Test Serverless Function* from the *Actions* drop-down list in the *Details* panel. This opens the *Test Serverless Function* dialog box.

. In the *Test Serverless Function* dialog box, modify the settings for your test as required:

.. Choose the *Format* for your test. This can be either *CloudEvent* or *HTTP*.
.. The *Content-Type* defaults to the `Content-Type` HTTP header value.
.. You can use the *Advanced Settings* to modify the *Type* or *Source* for CloudEvent tests, or to add optional headers.

> .. You can modify the input data for the test.

Author: > Edit the Type or Source field to add optional headers.

This actually isn't correct, they're three separate things that can be modified.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * serverless/functions/serverless-functions-getting-started.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="odc-invoke-serverless-function_{context}"]
= Testing a function in the web console

You can test a deployed serverless function by invoking it in the *Developer* perspective of the {product-title} web console.

.Prerequisites

* The {ServerlessOperatorName} and Knative Serving are installed on your {product-title} cluster.
* You have logged in to the web console and are in the *Developer* perspective.

> * You have created a project or have access to a project with the appropriate roles and permissions to create applications and other workloads in {product-title}.

Reviewer: I think having created and deployed a function (below) implies this. Maybe it's unnecessary?

* You have created and deployed a function.

.Procedure

. In the *Developer* perspective, navigate to *Topology*.
. Click on a function, then click *Test Serverless Function* from the *Actions* drop-down list in the *Details* panel. This opens the *Test Serverless Function* dialog box.

. In the *Test Serverless Function* dialog box, modify the settings for your test as required:

.. Choose the *Format* for your test. This can be either *CloudEvent* or *HTTP*.

> .. The *Content-Type* defaults to your function type.

Reviewer: Actually, I believe it defaults to `application/json`. This is the `Content-Type` HTTP header value.

> .. You can use the *Advanced Settings* to modify the *Type*, *Source*, and to add optional headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. You can use the *Advanced Settings* to modify the *Type*, *Source* for CloudEvent tests, and to add optional headers.
```

> .. You can modify the output message for the test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. You can modify the input data for the test.
```
